I think there's reference to science.
But when it was reached the point where I just no longer was able to say specificity,
there's a constant.
This issue was difficult.
And did I just say that I should say this?
And I've seen a prayer wasn't somewhere which it consists of coal.
It's a coal in such a matter as not to hang this coal with news.
At the same time, and this cause of the situation of my relationship with the committee staff,
was its artwork.
And at the same time, it made this coal the way of the fact that this sort of treatment should
continue.
Then the professor said, Mr. Adams, lift that statement to you on the 29th or any other day.
It is not meant to have taken our rights to give you the ransomware of the conversation
and the 29th or the 9th.
Did he say that it is him that that statement is not accepted?
No, sir.
You're going to tell you how the conversation was with Jason?
I think there's a few years inside of this.
Just say what the conversation was.
Mr. Adams came to me on the 9th.
He told me that he had been working on the staff to find car.
I told him that I was the only man to get call off the hearings.
They felt they should be called off, but he should come directly to me.
He said that Bob Stevens was very, very misdisturbed by the bad publicity the Army was getting.
He said that the secretary just spoke that we should probably see him drop, but they have served their purpose.
I told Mr. Adams about that time that what I would like to do is to talk to Mr. Stevens with him,
with my friend, and explain to him why we could not throw off a hearing from the skill staff
in my situation.
Following my age, it would be impossible for us to chop it off and have a white voice then.
Mr. Adams and I have to get which one suggested that we meet for lunch in the following day.
We did that at the Calam Hotel.
On the 7th.
Well, the same sign mentioned in the conversation as this in the 9th between you and God Adams.
I would recall it was Mr. Jenkins with man, if it was not the one question on me.
You did nice specifically, making the statements about which Mr. Adams testified to on these things,
and if it is to you, Senator, and which I just read to you.
I think you read Mr. Adams' statement, not mine, Mr. Secretary.
But did not, did I not read Mr. Adams' statements to the effect that he went to you on the 7th and I think complained about Mr. Cohn's...
That was incorrect.
Keep me talking.
You say that no such conversation occurred between you and the madam.
Right.
I'm nothing substantially approximating that no statement relates.
No.
I've got Mr. Adams' entire in there in his testimony of the guy.
I wouldn't evaluate Mr. Adams' testimony, in the case of the surgery, undoubred after he remembered.
I don't recall any statement made by Mr. Adams about Mr. Shahn.
They needed a conversation while Mr. Adams felt the hearings had been called off.
There was nothing dishonest about his actions.
He tried to convince me that hearings had been called off.
He tried to convince me that they would do the job.
I felt they would not.
I felt that we had certain movements that we had to call.
Above all, the loyalty board.
I mentioned that to him.
I told him that I thought we should move to Mr. Cohn's, that we had been having what appeared to be good cooperation after that point.
He didn't hear I suggested once the Calam's to make today now 5th day of Shahn.
It's been...
It's Adam's third day of Shahn who discussed.
I wouldn't say that Adam's of guilty of surgery.
I recall no conversation about James Shahn on that day.
You've been recalled immediately of the Calam to the sick day of the Army.
I did very well.
I did very well for it.
I think the most important thing to you recall that Mr. Steven...
The man he has to be said was in Europe in the sense of the truth for an honest.
So any or under his oath here on the witness stand,
but it's not meeting you as soon as you're assigned to a new York area.
I think the meeting was eight weeks of training at this.
Here's an error, man.
Here's an error.
That's right.
Then is there a match you make such a request to the sick day of the Army?
No.
The action is definitely no.
Right.
Do you know why I just take the day with it?
For me.
So this is the time, something to discuss.
The secretary of the government has a very, very bad memory here in the sand.
He has sent his testimony to the day to day.
I think that's because of bad memory, not because of any warfulness.
I assume that any mistake when he made about that meeting was solely because of bad memory.
Did you recall Senator Rufflin named me Frank Curry.
He did do so in New York City on air about December 17th?
In the presence of Mr. Adams, they're out of his presence.
On account of these days' interstations that have been raised by Mr. Cohn on behalf of Mr. Shane.
Well, the only thing that I recall, reprimanding Mr. Curry, you can call the reprimand.
Well, I don't recall the date, but I hope you don't resign after this, Frank.
Well, one night when I fell for your call and as you many whistle-sounds,
more than I could take care of an executive special, and I had to keep the whistle-sounds waiting there in the afternoon.
And some of whom I'm not sure of being heard.
I told Frank that I thought that they should be a bit more careful and be sure that they not have more whistle-sounds than what I could handle.
Frank pointed out that there was no way of knowing how much time I was finned with the whistle-sounds.
Pointed out that I've been afraid of a plan when I hear that up that.
330 with no further whittings, had to come back in some other day, the perhaps I would be more irritated than as old.
They had extra whittings.
I think Mr. Adams was present at that time.
Here's what I want to review and accept from Mr. Adams 5.0.2586 to the record.
Mr. Carl is in the room.
When he walked into the room, he began to speak to Mr. Carl about his subject.
And he began to criticize Mr. Carl about the matter that he had spoken to me about.
That's that better easy.
Back there before that, but it is so we will know precisely what Mr. Adams was talking about.
I'm not anything to say about Mr. Carl.
I'm just next to the right fair, Dr. Murphy.
Mr. Adam.
Seven of the McCarthy's biggest miscellaneous.
25 of these.
Mr. James, let's see.
The latest one minute.
It's me.
Well, Senator McCarthy and Mr. Coney can frame while we have the opportunity.
Mr. Coney.
I'm sorry, sir.
Go ahead.
Senator McCarthy stated to me that the purpose of his call is a night before the rise that he had just learned.
I will be talking to you today.
As the amount of interference through the officials that spoke with Mr. Coney said,
which is that kind of conflict, and that he wished to tell me that as a blame of now, it was soon.
It had been soon.
He was not going to be moving anymore.
I told him I was going to get that information.
But it would be absolutely impossible for you to be able to stay with Mr. Coney in front of me.
So if you could hear what I've heard, get that out.
Maybe not going to be glad if I was at conversations at play.
No, the conversations.
I did not get Mr. Adam that night.
The reason I was trying to call Mr. Jenkins was in regard to the lock-in matter.
Mr. Adam's discelt lock-in was made on afternoon.
It happened to be, wait until the 60th.
I didn't take it too seriously.
The timing of discursion.
I thought it over half I got back to the load-off.
I began to realize the very serious import of it,
and when he was apparently actually serious, so I wanted to call him up.
And talking about that.
I tried to get him all over.
I couldn't get him.
The next move, we had a very extended discussion about this matter.
The lock-in matter made him a tradition.
But I'm not particularly late tonight at the 60th.
You'll find that when I was talking to my office,
I didn't call them for that specific purpose alone.
Now, I was talking to my office.
I dictated a memorandum on the lock-in matter.
The 60s, that's the matter, 30, get hold of the channel.
You may wonder why I dictated a memorandum to my office
just a time as a tone.
One of the reasons was that I was leaving the following day.
A friend began sometimes.
And I wanted to make sure that Mr. Cohn, Mr. Kiner,
but the situation I did try to get this out of him.
All evening, I discussed this lock-in matter
because I thought it was very serious.
That's the conversation that, to which Mr. Heddon's just abandoned the lock-in
and which I just said to him,
and to set out on page 25 of the service,
there's not a curiosity.
That's what you're saying, directly.
Well, Mr. Adams was going to take it on that.
Why is anything vinegar said
with a toxic effect in substance?
With Mr. Adams complaining to you on that occasion,
that Mr. Cohn had the reason
to take the day off.
There was no complaint with Mr. Fowler's in his statement.
But what let me give you this, Mr. Heddon?
There was no complaint that Mr. Cohn had abused him.
There was a few times I thought there was a much greater date.
When the instances were made,
whenever I had a test following the law on the board,
once if we did, there would be a court issued cleaning.
The law was to come in and appear,
but that was once later than the state I do it.
But if you told Mr. Adams on the day about this with talking,
it set out in 25, 85 of the records,
that you had learned about the conversations with reference to shine,
it appears to be a official report list,
and that it was the same as a grain,
did you say what, did it get the correct order?
No, sir.
And you say that you did not speak to me.
Mr. Heddon, you say what you meant to Mr. Adams.
At some time, I can't recall the date from this,
but at some time I did that just next door
as if we were hearing in regard to the shine matter.
I wouldn't want to excuse him in the first place
during the other particular morning.
We may have discussed some of those news stories,
but there will claim that Mr. Adams was fired, ever.
But Mr. Coleman actually did anything in proper.
So, Mr. Heddon said,
this June, on that day,
the 17th day of December,
hiding as a time,
clear the size Mr. Frank Carr,
his cause is the interference
of the official report that makes on behalf of Vane Chang,
well because there's no engine,
he could get in on the field.
Well, I'm going to give you the part of the memorandum
that I have to ask your side of the permit.
So, in regard to that,
so date of December 21, Mr. Franklin,
well, looking at you from light upon the matter.
So, there I'm not asking right now.
In what's the date to date we're talking about December 17th?
How's this?
So, the base of the automobile ride in New York City,
so is the motorcycle thing?
Well, the date of the automobile ride.
You, Mr. Carr, Mr. Adams,
and Mr. Coleman, the car.
That is right.
You had a arm as we had in the same car
and animated discussion.
Here's Mr. Coleman's word.
I'll show you, before that ride,
it's time.
I think that's the correct description.
You have called Mr. Adams
a testimony to the respect of that automobile ride,
and not to do it.
I did.
Mr. Coleman was awaiting him and justigating him
and now that sort of thing,
I'm going to prepare the drives and call
because of the double car too.
On the part of the spectacle game,
the Army was expecting shine.
I can all look after one of you.
You can call Adam just testimony?
Yes.
You've got a current senator?
Nothing.
Well, if anything, say that I'm not
going to be a rider with a sickly name shine.
Nothing, I recall.
What?
What was that animated conversation about?
I don't know, a lot of them.
I know a lot of them.
No, no, they're subject of any importance now.
I don't know if it was my life or not.
I don't know if it was my life to stop up the tree.
The need of the conversation was all about a lot of them.
No substance, anything, so you do whatever
in the testimony of John Adams
who was expecting that Adam will be a rider.
I'll take it.
Well, I'll put it in the end.
I'm sorry.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
You know a better solution.
Can I say before you answer questions?
Yes.
Mr. Jones, if you will check the phone call for Port Lama,
you'll find that I call General Washington.
I don't recall the exact date.
But I call Martin.
I'm going to recite that conversation because I think it has to do with this.
I call Martin and reminded him on the arrival of New York.
He said, first cooperation, which I'm giving the committee of perhaps.
Me and I won't get my promotion.
I call him and federal university.
I have a prophetic journal.
I still am really bound to call you and give you the facts.
I'm so sorry.
I don't have to do with your promotion.
I'm literally at nothing from the word of the question.
I said, the plan now is to break in.
Just to remove you from Port Lama.
I don't know what I can do.
I said, I do think we have a duty to try and protect the witnesses who have helped us.
They got kindness.
And I can see no reason for this except your cooperation with the committee.
And I said, what's the cost of guessing you have General Washington?
I'm going to thank him in answer.
I think I can call him a little bit.
One of the states, again, not a good soldier here.
He said, I won't know either for my anyone.
He said, if I get both of them, for doing my duty.
That's a good way of ending my army career.
That's all, Senator.
That's roughly all we have.
I think the night of the 17th and the 49th.
And I don't think he talked to General Washington.
I think he talked to the committee.
And I think he's not going to make that.
So we're serving enough about this.
What I call, what's my name?
I didn't even call.
I call Washington.
He's asking me, and I get it, besides of being.
Situation to be.
And I think what you're going to have to talk about.
Tell you about his conversation.
But it's not the matter of a very concerned about such a thing.
Because there's more talk about serving our minds.
About Mr. Washington, of being broken.
Because he was willing to help us.
Explosive big coming to South of the Red Island, I'll have a try.
So, then, just in the 20th second, you'll be better to the 60th Army.
I'll quote them the 50th.
Right, then, I have that right.
Just the other, the Robert T. Stevens,
and the Daily from the 22nd, you're not.
I have raised rumors to the effect that some of the members of my staff
have intervened with you, the Patlin.
In the half of the former staff consultant, David Shines.
That's the center for us, the Vermont.
My senator.
All God be from the 22nd, 1953.
Thank you, Bill.
Senator Sanders of the Vermont has just come into the talk of the three of them.
In the center of McCarthy, a note.
In an envelope, which the senator has now opened.
And you'll recall the bitter exchange between senator Flanders
and senator McCarthy some weeks ago.
Which Senator Flanders made a reach on the floor of the Senate.
And suggested that this committee look into the real reason behind
the flounder.
For the fair, I'll put the flounders through my room.
But I'll put the flounders through my room.
The flounder is on the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the committee.
This flounder is just hand up me a letter and I read it.
I think this brings up an important point.
You'll notice it's informed you that time will make another speech concerning your activities
in the center for the afternoon.
The sooner after morning hours I can get the floor.
If you're sort of there, I'll be glad to have you present.
Number one, I will be unable to express it because I was decultifying number two.
I don't have enough interest in any flounder's speech to listen to.
Number three, number three, number three, number three, number one, here, attention.
Number three, you'll move out the floor of the indicated of the Judd Information.
While I'm going to the committee, you suggest that the committee is not getting up
a part of this matter.
I thought it was an extremely scary little speech.
At that time, when the committee said it's not a particular thing that you have to tell you
about, you know, your opinions.
I think Senator Hitchin has any information about that.
But you should do as much as I'm doing now.
Take your old friend your right hand.
Let us cross the avenue.
If you have nothing except the initial smear, bring from the smear seat.
When you should tell the vast center, and I think you should do it to adhere on the floor rather than on the stomach floor.
And I always be glad to stop a slide now and let you testify on the road.
I was running the commission with you now.
I'll have to rule that the committee has control of these procedures.
So that's how the plan is to retire from the other room on the other.
I'm sorry that the commission's kind of shooting is on here.
If I were to come closer.
I'm sure that this is not shooting.
Anything you want to do with our commission has a proceeding.
They come in open form for a commission with a wait.
With good care and good care and good care, you can have a wait.
Mr. Chairman, may I say that we have some of the commission that I have a few to ask Mr. Frandert.
I have some of my thoughts on the responsibilities of the commission.
When I was in Brown, I know that.
I know that the commission is a person.
I have a few Mr. Chairman of the Robert's, the very center.
The information has information of various listeners.
That then he should be willing to inform the committee.
Take the oath and across the examines.
However, there's a share of those.
I am an early witness here.
The share is running the committee.
So I'm afraid that.
And it will be the same, but the share obviously.
Thank you.
It's perfect.
I'm going to finish the one surprise today.
You got it now.
You know, I'm expected.
Move.
Some of the planners came in and handed.
Some of the drivers out to your note.
Notifying you.
You're going to make a speech on the floor.
Mr. Chairman.
Please excuse the hurt.
The rumors to be afraid.
Some of the members of your staff are interviewed with the department of the Army on behalf of the former consultant.
I'm very shy.
I have directly quoted from the first sentence of the letter.
Have enough time to make a speech.
But now get away from Senator Flammnys.
And talk about the issues of this party, Rick.
He's wondering if we made it.
I'm sorry, but he's taking it back.
Yes, he looked like they quoted.
Senator, that's December 22.
That's December 22.
Five months for the day.
Approximately four and a half months we've seen.
From the time you first discussed, Shine was generally heard.
I'm sure you're a calculation of strength.
Not because there's a matter of fact.
I've been disappointed not because this is an intervention on behalf of the Shine's movement.
The department of the Army gone far beyond the rumors state.
Well, sir.
Well, then, did you hear such rumors, Senator?
The rumors, as I can see, morning that this letter was written.
One of the greatest comments by an artist that I know.
A man who had any payroll for four years, a number of the coming of the party.
According to the testimony from under cover at the IAgent.
This was marked by a testify to that.
We've got a lot of evidence.
Let me finish.
Let me show you.
This is this.
This is a rumor glue.
And why I'm hiding in front of a book.
As I say, the morning the letter was written.
A newsman who had any payroll.
A man identified as an undercover at the IAgent of the Communist.
Get any money payroll for four years.
This Communist was covering the House on American Activities Committee.
During all of which time our sooner or the time was condemning the House Committee.
He had any payroll of another man who was then named under oath as a Communist.
This individual as far as I know has done more to serve the Communist cars.
And we defend Guards.
A swears against those that dare to fight Communism and perhaps any of them.
Any other writer I know.
And some running a close second.
A month morning, Rotei, call.
The usual smear column of Mr. Cohn and Mr. Shine.
The individual I refer to is...
...June Kirsten.
And I saw this article.
I think I've seen some before that.
I don't recall by whom I think the outpops were written some.
And I thought that even though I had told the Secretary verbally,
a number of times I thought my position was...
...when the Communist lineers started to lose their attacks,
I thought that I should put in writing what my position was so that there could be no question about it ever in the future.
And that now set a democracy as free as up these humans.
I wouldn't say only from this smear article I think there were a number before that.
But Senator, you knew as of December 22nd.
That they had been in a lot of fault.
The California Council.
Between the members of the staff and Adams and the Secretary of the Office to protect...
I think an effort to card my chiefs and staff members to the Secretary of the Office to run down these rumors.
And found me living up there with any baseless and facts to them.
I think you'll find a memorandum on that...
...what day does that?
Memorandum on the 21st.
That was the day before I wrote the flutter.
And if you refer that memorandum, let me also judge the white upon this.
As a matter of thought?
It was a combination of circumstances that induced me to try and head off the swears much as I could.
May I say, Mr. Jenkins, of that time?
Of that time and up until the...
...even the 22nd of January, after the 24th of February, as a Mr. Mr. Stevens, there was no coin ever.
But Mr. Turner had been guilty of any wrongdoing.
That was thought up.
That apparently was thought up at the last minute with the hope that they could get.
Not only my chief council, but with the hope that they could also get my chiefs and staff knowing...
...that that way they could do a great extent correct the committee.
Better as the 20th day of the summer now.
Four in a half and nearly five months.